Create issue and PR templates (#44)
magnetis/astro: ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

# Description

_Description of the problem._

# Expected behavior

> _Description of what the expected behavior for this._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Description of the expected behavior for this._
```

Author: Done on 75eaf6d511ef7a2f86cefc44230c0c8a975618ed

# Steps to reproduce

> _You can describes here step by step how can we reproduce the problem._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Describe step by step how we can reproduce the problem._
```

Author: Done on 75eaf6d511ef7a2f86cefc44230c0c8a975618ed

# Other information

> _You can describe here some useful information to help us to resolve this_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_You can add useful information here to help us solve this._
```

Author: Done on 75eaf6d511ef7a2f86cefc44230c0c8a975618ed
